Changelog iOS PinkelStar framework and UI
======================================

Thursday February 16th 2011
------------------------
- Solved a reported bug where the UI would (seemingly) randomly display incorrectly. The issue was that we tried to set up buttons in the scroll window before the object was loaded properly from the nib file.

Wednesday February 15th 2011
------------------------
- Solved a reported bug where an ivar was accidentally renamed
- Altered the PSMainViewController_iPhone.xib file to allow a bit more room for the developer's custom share message. realigned the app icon to balance the UI
- Fixed an issue where the selection of email in the settings panel would pop up a permission view, which is unneeded.

Tuesday February 15th 2011
------------------------
- Solved a reported bug that the email dialogue only appeared once. It now appears every time the user wants to share to email
- Added new delegate methods to PSMainViewController. THis allows another class to be notified of server related responses. Please see the PSMainViewControllerDelegate.h file for more details.
- Updated the version for the framework to v0.9.5


Monday February 14th 2011
------------------------
- Updated the framework fixing a reported bug. When a user shares something on a social network the framework now calls the psDidPublish delegate method correctly
- Updated the version for the framework to v0.9.4

Thursday November 25th 2010
------------------------
- Updated the framework to use iOS 4.2
- custom image sharing implemented. You can now set a custom image that replaces your app icon in individual shares, both in the client UI and on the social networks
- Fixed logic that shows the user when there is no Internet connection detected
- Fixed logic to tell the developer that he is using an incorrect app key or secret
- The blocker view now blocks the publish button from being pressed in the PSMainViewController UI
- Fixed a crash of the permission web view. Turns out an object was over-released when the user dismissed the view
- Fixed a crash in share via e-mail. 

Monday October 11th 2010
------------------------
- Added e-mail sharing
- New class that takes care of e-mail sharing is PSMailViewController

Thursday September 30th, 2010
-----------------------------
- Refactored UI code, implementing UI with UINavigationController
- Cleaner code, more confirm HIG
- Split out the Settings code into a separate PSSettingsViewController class
- Added multiple device types to Server framework. PS now recognizes all types of iOS devices for analytics purposes

Tuesday September 23rd 2010
---------------------------
- New branch with Singleton server implementation
- Fixed inefficiency that caused the Application icon to be reloaded too often.
- Set version nr of this branch to v.0.9.1.singleton.1

Tuesday September 22nd 2010
---------------------------
- Fixed a bug that caused addCustmShareMessage not to function properly
- Added a PSCommon.h file that includes our DebugLog code. Make sure to include that in your project .pch file
- Added a version nr to both the PinkelStar UI code and the PinkelStar server Framework. Currently set at v 0.9.1;

Wednesday September 8th 2010
----------------------------
- Fixed a bug where the library would crash if the internet Connection went down
- Reachability now auto recovers. If there is no Internet available the user will be notified properly. If the Internet returns, the user can continue its business properly

Friday August 27th 2010
-----------------------
- Added a SimpleRotationViewController class for demo iPad rotation
- iPad rotation fixes
- LinkedIn support ready
- updated pinkelstar-info.plist to ensure the framework can rotate in all directions for iPad

Tuesday August 23rd 2010
-------------------
- Support for iPad
- Simplified demo app
- rewrote Readme.mdown

Wednesday August 18th 2010
--------------------------
- Support for iOS4 retina display
- Added @2x versions of all images used in the UI to the project
- UI now loads correct low/highres image depending on detection of Retina display
- Highres images loaded from the server when Retina is detected

Friday August 13th 2010
-----------------------
- Renamed AplicationDeveloper.plist to pinkelstar.plist
Tuesday August 10th 2010
- Fixed reported bug about share buttons not initializing properly.

Monday August 9th 2010
----------------------
- Open Sourced the UI of the iPhone client software
- Added content_urls for the developer
- Now initializing PinkelStar at application startup to speed up initial interface view
- SSL is now used for every server call
